---
layout: post
title: "The Outsiders - Chapter iii"
author: 7thSinScribe
categories: Lorebook
---
by H. R. Godspeed

## THE DECREE
The Outsiders live by a code known as the Decree of Three; which forms the foundation of their existence, shaping their actions and decisions as they navigate the numinous realms of the Noumenon

The Decree consists of three fundamental tenets: 

#### I. Be as the Wind
##### "First, ye shall be as the wind, free to roam - not bound in soul, nor with seed shall ye be sown"

The common interpretation is that Outsiders must embrace their newfound freedom and accept the responsibility that comes with it. They are prohibited from forming deep, lasting bonds with others through the institution of soulbinding or from remaining in one place for too long. This tenet also discourages Outsiders from attempting to have children, as the Rites often render them incapable of bearing offspring or result in tragic consequences for any progeny they might conceive. 

#### II. Loyalty to the Pack 
##### Second, thy loyalty is pledged to the Pack - to no other, shall thy fealty be given back 

The common interpretation is that Outsiders must remain fiercely loyal to their Pack, their compatriates & forged family. They are forbidden from swearing allegiance to any nation, state, or organization, as such bonds could distract them from their true purpose and force them to betray their fellow Outsiders.

#### III. Renounce Worldly Titles and Lands 
##### Third, worldly titles and lands thou shalt forswear - for hopeless cries, a ready ear thou must always bear. 

This most defining tenet of the Outsiders is the strongest of the Geasa, it compels them to accept truly hopeless requests; & forego any titles or status they might achieve as it would encourage breaking the Ist and IInd tenets. Lands or titles an Outsider gains will be lost in a series of tragic & misfortunate events. 


## ORIGINS

The Decree is not simply a code of conduct but a set of binding Geasa' whose origins date back to the Aeons Afore, the time before history begins; as a response to the failure of the first three; the Triumvirate concocted the creed to ensure the longevity of the Outsiders. 

-to be continued